# Beagle Logs
## Meeting Minutes #6
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/joemccann/dillinger.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/joemccann/dillinger)
Date: - *2/11/21*
Participants: All members
Duration: 60 Minutes
### Objectives
- Progress Update
- Discussion of barriers in function completion
## Meeting details
### Progress Update
Reflecting from what we originally scheduled on our tasks completion, we are running quite behind due to assignments and other commitments that the group members had. Reporting on what we have done so far:

| Completed Tasks                                                                                              | Person(s)         |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|
| Completed all stand-up tests & functions. Further clarification on correctness needed.                       | Christian         |
| Finished all tests for message react, unreact, pin and unpin (quality check needed).                         | Sam               |
| Wrote the questions to be asked for the requirements elicitation.                                            |                   |
| Finished user, message_share and search tests.                                                               | Lawrence          |
| Has begun researching on how to implement his functions through requests                                     | Dhruv             |

### Discussion of barriers in function completion
Discussing through the extra function implementation, the QR system proved to be more difficult than anticipated. Uploading photo implementation requires further thought.